Fix "Network Bandwidth Usage" widget issue in Dashboard Linux-Service Panel (#11637)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Add `is_present` function in MQE for check if the list metrics has a value or not.

#### UI

> * Fix: "Network Bandwidth Usage" widget issue in Dashboard Linux-Service Panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the mismatch between unit and calculation of "Network Bandwidth Usage" widget in Linux-Service Dashboard.
```
